fix text in FAQ (#5763)
galaxyproject/training-material: topics/single-cell/faqs/single_cell_omics.md

Did you know we have a unique Single Cell Omics Lab with all our single cell tools highlighted to make it easier to use on Galaxy? We recommend this site for all your single cell analysis needs, particularly for newer users.

> The Single Cell Omics Lab uses its local Galaxy server infrastructure and power, it's just organised better for users of particular analyses...like single cell!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Single Cell Omics Lab is a different view of the underlying Galaxy server that organises tools, workflows etc better for users of particular analyses...like single cell! It also provides a playground for communities to engage and connect, distribute more targeted news, and events and allow for placing community-specific funding sources.
```

Reviewer: In this direction?
